feat: web3.js templates (#4)
matter-labs/zksync-scripting-templates: templates/nodejs/web3js/README.md

> This is a [zkSync](https://zksync.io) + [ethers v6](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/) + [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) project in TypeScript bootstrapped with [`zksync-cli`](https://github.com/matter-labs/zksync-cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [zkSync](https://zksync.io) + [web3js v4](https://docs.web3js.org/) + [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) project in TypeScript bootstrapped with [`zksync-cli`](https://github.com/matter-labs/zksync-cli)
```

# Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v18.x or higher

# Getting Started

- Make sure to install the dependencies with `npm install`
- Write your code in `src/main.ts`
- Run `npm run start` in your terminal to run your code

# Configuration

By default your code will be run against zkSync Sepolia Testnet. If you wish to use a different network, you can change the `defaultChain` in `src/utils/chains.ts` file.

Alternatively, you can use `getProvider` or `getWallet` with a custom `chain` parameter.

# Learn more

> To learn more about [zkSync](https://zksync.io) or [ethers v6](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/), check out the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about [zkSync](https://zksync.io) or [web3js v4](https://docs.web3js.org/), check out the following resources:
```

- [zkSync Documentation](https://era.zksync.io/docs/dev)

> - [ethers v6 Documentation](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/)

Reviewer: update
